Understand the Supply Chain 

Digitally Disrupting The Supply Chain One Block at the Time

Aggregating the Global Supply Chain in a Single Smart Chain.

Down the global supply ChainUnite Social Responsibility and Smart Sourcing in A single Smart Chain,

DYNAMIC SUPPLY CHAIN ANALYSIS AND SMART SOURCING IN A SINGLE CHAIN
Improve Financial and Social performance one Block at the Time.

Dynamic Supply Chain Analysis and Smart Sourcing in a Single Chain


VISIBIBLE NETWORKS
Visibility is not transparency, visibility  provides relevant information, protects the  sensitive one and makes sense of it.  Orichain provides participating companies a platform to understand and manage the flow of information from inside and outside of their chain of business. The data collected from the entire Blockchain is then aggregated to  create custom KPIs for the company 's  direct network and standardised ones at the industry level. 

ACCOUNTABLE PARTICIPANTS

Asset performance monitoring in the networks supports the dynamic creation of adaptive benchmarking standards. Orichain provides automated reporting to identify underperformers and reward over performers. The different nodes of the system whether they are an internal manufacturing plants or an exterior supplier are assessed in the distributed ledger. 


PERFORMANCE

Identification of best performers allows the identification of best practices. In an intra or inter-company context this means reproducing best managerial conducts. In an industry context, the best performers will be more easily identifiable, which will give them more opportunities, and their clients will have a supplier which better suits their needs. On the other hand, underperformers can use high quality market data to reorientate their offering. 



For consultant making the job much easier, and also opens room for new entrants in markets dominated by underperforming actors. 

The netzork also gives a good idea as to whaaat type of practices are most seeked. So a company can reoriente its strategy to better satsify the the requirements of the market. Access to data that was not as reliable or not of that level of quality.


Improving the management the management of the supply chain from the inside out Get a real understanding of your network, and the strctures of your industries. Redefine visbility.. Detect new talents!

Improving visibility of the supply chain naturally improves performances. that's not enough, Orivhain enables real accountability and performance boost within companies and their network of partners. Orichain allows to identify where the talents and resources are

Future of the Supply Chain Technology Stack </h2>
									<p>IOT, Big Data, Artificial Intelligence, there are a lot of different technologies out there and they tend to add to instead of complementing each other. Orichain tackles this issue with a bottom-up approach by providing a basis from which companies can build their tech stack. this way the implementation of new technologies will be seamless

Becoming Visible
When a company performs well, it should let the world know for its benefit and the benefit of others


Improving inner transparency
Understanding how a large corporation works is like trying to understand how a state works: it's complicated. That's why corporations need tools to clearly map their activities.

See the world 
Improving outer transparency is essential to understand how partners and the industries a company is involved with are strctured.

Have a first tool to make your suppliers accountable to their obligations.

Perform with Ethics
Our number one priority is performance, by doing so we give every company in our network the ability to increase their ethical standards.


Blockchain technologies are undergoing a phase of improving the existing infratructure, with similar but hugely improved systems. Orichain's technology creates a product that could not exist without distributed ledgers.

Controlled Anonymity.

Blockchain is an inherently transparent system. However some supply chain information are too critical to be made public. Controlled anonymity is the exception which insures that vulnerable information is protected.

Visibility versus transparency. Visibility is the ability to see what is happening. Transparency is simply a state. And you don't want everything to be transparent.

The drawback of annomity can be sanctions relative to the transaprency grade, or generally a lower weight in the network.


Maybe addd some cluster balls at different levels to show inter intra company then outside of the network.
https://bost.ocks.org/mike/uberdata/


Add something about vendor and customer ratings http://www.referenceforbusiness.com/management/Tr-Z/Vendor-Rating.html Most firms want vendors that will produce all of the products and services defect-free and deliver them just in time (or as close to this ideal as reasonably possible). Some type of vehicle is needed to determine which supplying firms are capable of coming satisfactorily close to this and thus to be retained as current suppliers. One such vehicle is the vendor rating.

In order to accomplish the rating of vendors, some sort of review process must take place. The process begins with the identification of vendors who not only can supply the needed product or service but is a strategic match for the buying firm. Then important factors to be used as criteria for vendor evaluation are determined. These are usually variables that add value to the process through increased service or decreased cost. After determining which factors are critical, a method is devised that allows the vendor to be judged or rated on each individual factor.



Read more: http://www.referenceforbusiness.com/management/Tr-Z/Vendor-Rating.html#ixzz4SJn2Jr00